Asynchronous production of Kafka is the most common method of producing data to topics.
This type of production is useful when you want to maximize your throughput to
Kafka with the least overhead and impact on the integrated application.
In an asynchronous producer,
client library will take messages from the application,
add the message into a batch of other messages,
and eventually send it to Kafka.
While this process is occurring,
the function that called the produce function may continue onwards and do something else.
Eventually, the Kafka broker who will respond to
the producer acknowledging that it received these messages.
When developers first learn of this,
they often wonder how they can know if their message was successfully delivered or not.
Kafka clients offer callbacks for when messages are delivered or an error occurs.
So in the case that something does fail,
your application code will be given a chance to take some rectifying action.
Additionally, producers can decide to fire and forget
and never check delivery confirmation or error messages.
Unless your specific problem requires synchronicity,
asynchronous production should be your default choice.